Update README.md (#46)
cheerfulstoic/ecto_watch: README.md

  EctoWatch.subscribe({User, :deleted}, user.id)
```

> **NOTE:** you can't specify the `primary_key` when you're subscribing to an `:inserted` event, if you do this, you will get an error. This is because the `primary_key` is usually created when the record is inserted but you will get the key on the handler callback.

Reviewer: Changing the wording to avoid talking about the "primary key" or that you'd get an error in order to describe the situation.

Trying to also keep it simple because I think the main thing to do is to improve the error message itself since that's what users will see first. I've done that here: https://github.com/cheerfulstoic/ecto_watch/commit/37a7af60a51a367b16a85ddcee0592b6c1a84a34

```suggestion
**NOTE:** you can't subscribe to the `:inserted` event for specific objects because the primary key's value which you would use to subscribe doesn't exist until the insert happens.
```
